README.md, before:

# NAME

Mojolicious::Command::generate::nifty\_app - Generates a basic application with simple DBIC-based authentication!

# VERSION

Version 0.01

# SYNOPSIS

This command generate an application with a DBIx::Class model and a simple authentication controller.
The layout and style are taken from Ryan Bates nifty\_generators.

To generate an app run:

    mojo generate nifty_app My::Nifty::App

This will create the directory structure with a default YAML config and basic testing.

    cd my_nifty_app
    script/deploy_my_nifty_app_db

will create the default database and the schema. Default driver is SQLite and the database will be my\_nifty\_app\_db.sqlite for above example.

# AUTHOR

Matthias Krull, `<m.krull at uninets.eu>`

# BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to `bug-mojolicious-command-generate-nifty_app at rt.cpan.org`, or through
the web interface at [http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app](http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app).  I will be notified, and then you'll
automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.







# SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Mojolicious::Command::generate::nifty_app



You can also look for information at:

- RT: CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)

    [http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app](http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app)

- AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

    [http://annocpan.org/dist/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app](http://annocpan.org/dist/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app)

- CPAN Ratings

    [http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app](http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app)

- Search CPAN

    [http://search.cpan.org/dist/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app/](http://search.cpan.org/dist/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app/)

- Repository

    [https://github.com/mugenken/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app/](https://github.com/mugenken/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app/)



# LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2013 Matthias Krull.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

[http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic\_license\_2\_0](http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic\_license\_2\_0)

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

play perfectly nice with DBIx::Class::Migrate

README.md, after:

# NAME

Mojolicious::Command::generate::nifty\_app - Generates a basic application with simple DBIC-based authentication!

# VERSION

Version 0.01

# SYNOPSIS

This command generate an application with a DBIx::Class model and a simple authentication controller.
The layout and style are taken from Ryan Bates nifty\_generators.

To generate an app run:

    mojo generate nifty_app My::Nifty::App

This will create the directory structure with a default YAML config and basic testing.

    cd my_nifty_app

To get database version and migration management you should install DBIx::Class::Migration.

If installed you can use script/migration as a thin wrapper around dbic-migration setting lib and the correct database already.
Running:

    script/migrate prepare
    script/migrate install
    script/migrate populate

Will initialize the database according to the config.yml with the data from share/fixtures. So edit those to customize the default user.
If you do not have and do not want DBIx::Class::Migrate you can initialize the database with:

    script/migrate --init

Now run the test to check if everything went right.

    script/my_nifty_app test

# AUTHOR

Matthias Krull, `<m.krull at uninets.eu>`

# BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to `bug-mojolicious-command-generate-nifty_app at rt.cpan.org`, or through
the web interface at [http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app](http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app).  I will be notified, and then you'll
automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.







# SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Mojolicious::Command::generate::nifty_app



You can also look for information at:

- RT: CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)

    [http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app](http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app)

- AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

    [http://annocpan.org/dist/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app](http://annocpan.org/dist/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app)

- CPAN Ratings

    [http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app](http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app)

- Search CPAN

    [http://search.cpan.org/dist/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app/](http://search.cpan.org/dist/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app/)

- Repository

    [https://github.com/mugenken/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app/](https://github.com/mugenken/Mojolicious-Command-generate-nifty\_app/)



# LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2013 Matthias Krull.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

[http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic\_license\_2\_0](http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic\_license\_2\_0)

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
